RGBA is not legacy (#32770)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/values_and_units/index.md

**In this example, try changing the alpha channel values to see how it affects the color output.**

> > **Note:** In older versions of CSS, the `rgb()` syntax didn't support an alpha parameter - you needed to use a different function called `rgba()` for that. These days you can pass an alpha parameter to `rgb()`. The `rgba()` function is now a synonym for `rgb()`.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In older versions of CSS, the `rgb()` syntax didn't support an alpha parameter - you needed to use a different function called `rgba()` for that. These days you can pass an alpha parameter to `rgb()`. The `rgba()` function is an alias for `rgb()`.
```
